
Dress to impress. Not only will you look and smell more attractive, taking care of your grooming shows her that you're mature and capable of important daily tasks. Also pay attention to the style of clothes that she wears, and wear the same style of clothing, this will help her to relate with you and find you overall more attractive. And pay particular attention to these areas:
Shower at least once a day. Wash your hair, soap up all over, and rinse off. Use a nice smelling shower scrub as well, something not too feminine, but not too masculine either, maybe try a smell like mint, or lemon.
Keep your mouth clean. Brush twice daily, floss, and use mouthwash. For help in the middle of the day, use breath mints and chewing gum.
Manage facial hair by shaving daily. If you're growing facial hair, make sure it's trimmed to a uniform length, and not scraggly or unruly. If you tend to have a unibrow, consider plucking any stray hairs over your nose.
Wear a combination deodorant-antiperspirant. Apply it as soon as you get out of the shower in the morning. Make sure it also doesn't smell too feminine or too masculine either.
Go easy on the cologne. You can use a few sprays of cologne or body spray, but don't go over 2.

Wear clean clothes. If you find yourself scrambling for fresh laundry, consider setting up a regular washing schedule, like doing all your laundry every Sunday night.
Be polite. Being well-mannered doesn't mean you're boring — it means you know how to treat other people with respect, a quality most girls want in their boyfriends. Show her you know how to be considerate by doing these things for everyone, not just her:
Say "please," "thank you" and "you're welcome." As well as asking with a "I'd appreciate it if" or "I would like for you..."
If someone is walking through a door behind you, hold it open for him or her.
Avoid cursing or saying anything crude in public, or in mixed company. It's fine to relax a little around your friends, but try to show your best side around people you don't know well.
For more help, see How to Have Good Manners.

Think before you speak. Everyone slips up and says stupid things, but try your best to limit it when you're around this girl. Take a few seconds to evaluate what you're going to say before you spit it out.
Don't talk up other girls. You might think making her jealous is a good idea, but steer clear. Discussing the looks of other girls in front of her will make you seem shallow and fickle. As far as she knows, she's the only one you're interested in.
Avoid coming off as a bully. Don't throw out careless insults or put other people down, even if they're meant to be funny. She might not be able to pick up on your humorous tone and take your words at face value.
Don't tell dirty jokes. There's a time and place for wicked humor — and it's when you're hanging out with your guy friends. Keep on a lid on it when you're around her.

